# Meeting Notes

## Updates 

- **General**
 - Sprint Meetings time needs to be rediscussed 
 - MVP needs to be demo ready by Sprint 2 

- Kobe
 - working on the Databse Design Document and corresponding ER Diagram
 - redefining the spec for the MVP

- Ben

- Drew

- Carter

## Challenges

## New Tasks
- spec needs to be explicitly defined for MCP
## Additional Notes
